As a secretary of club, my mission would be to ensure the smooth working of the club and its objective of cultivating and enhancing talents in the students is achieved. I'll try to act as the first point of contact between the upcoming students and help them as well as guide them to ensure they learn the required skills and are able to participate in the activities of the club. I'll conduct workshops and sessions for students so as give them an idea of the working of the club as well as to recruit students for the projects. I'll also help and do my best in conducting the winter camp and also to ensure that the worthy students are able to be a part of it and it remains interactive throughout. I would also ensure that anyone in the club doesn't end up losing interest and would do my best to help them out.I would like to end by saying that my vision is to ensure the best interests of the club,to harness and cultivate talent in students as well as put that talent to proper use.

My experience has been great and enjoyable. I have learned most of the things after coming here on campus. I have experience in C(ESC101), C++ and am currently learning and practicing STL. I have also some good experience in python and some basic experience in its libraries including matplotlib, pandas, NumPy. I had started the Andrew NG course on ML but I have given a break to learn python libraries in ML and would soon implement the course in python. I have been a member of the Team AUV (software subsystem) and have learned Docker as well as behavior trees. I also have a very basic idea of FPGAs and VHDL. ///


My experience has been great and enjoyable. I have learned most of the things after coming here on campus. I was a part of the E Club winter camp wherein I learned a lot of things including working with Arduino. I have experience in C(ESC101), C++ and am currently learning and practicing STL. I have also some good experience in python and some basic experience in its libraries including matplotlib, pandas, NumPy. I had started the Andrew NG course on ML but I have given a break to learn python libraries in ML and would soon implement the course in python. I have been a member of the Team AUV (software subsystem) anjjdjadadjajdajsadakjdajjkdnjdjdnajdjnaoodnannnd have learned Docker as well as behavior trees. I also have a very basic idea of FPGAs and VHDL and am a part of the IoT based health monitoring project. I also learned some hardware-based concepts as taught in the winter camp. ///


One of the problems I see is that the clubs appear to be closed-door structures to students and I believe that sometimes due to this image the club may end up missing out on students who are willing to work and participate. I'll try and ensure this doesn't happen and would try and provide students the opportunities, and the club talented students by conducting contests and workshops and maybe try and conduct them online to ensure that the club's activities are not hampered in the mere search for talent. Also, another thing I'll try to do is that more projects are conducted not just in summer and winters and try to conduct some learning projects during the semester to help the students be better prepared for the bigger projects. These would also help increase the seriousness of students towards the bigger projects. Also, I'd ensure that the projects are taken seriously and that they don't end up dead over time. Also, I'd like to ensure that anyone that the club continuously provides some form of engagement to the students instead of just at intervals to keep the interest of students going on.









aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaabaaab


Though I agree orientation is the one of the best times of bonding with the counselees yet I think I will not face much problem in bonding with my counselees for I think I will be able to personally devote enough time for them. And also I beleive bonding is a long term process so a week less won't change much and I will still be able to bind with my counseless. I think o

Since the orientation is called off and the classes will be started immediately first priority would be to make the students comfortable in the campus without parents and I would spend as much time as possible to get to know about them and make the cofortable with me as well.Since initially the load of academics is comparitively it would be possoible to spend really good time with them. Also I would do my best to guide them about the campus as well as acads and all. If time permits and I will surely make out time for this I'll try and plan out an exploration of campus as well for them to makeup for the lost orientation as well as introduce them to the iitk culture.I would also try and ensure to tackle all the problems they are facing quickly.

I beleive the incoming batch students are going through a really tough time right now for they don't have much idea what's gonna happen and when exams are being conducted. The time is bad enough for them to lose morale. Most of them would still be involved in thoughts of JEE and how the lockdown ruined things instead of looking towards the fresh start they have just got. Also being socially excluded for so long they may also find it difficult to interact with people and being confined to home for so long they'll also find it difficult to adjust immediately to a new environment.




















